[LYDE]
Empty alleyways.
Peeling asphalt.
Leaden skies that
stretch on forever.
I live here,
in the middle of it.
There was a time when the world
revolved around this place.
Or at least,
that's what I'm told
by all the geezers around here.
But if that's how things were,
you'd never know
by looking at it.
[LYDE]
There is no future.
We're just flowers
in the dustbin.
[ALARM blaring]
[RITCHIE]
Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap!
Ritchie, hey. What's the‐‐?
Lyde, run!
[RITCHIE]
Damn it. Get away from me!
You want some of this?
[LYDE]
Oh wow. Am I gonna die?
Here in this hellhole?
But I can't die.
I'm not ready yet!
Damn it all, there's still
too much I wanna do!
[gasps] Did we just get saved?
[RITCHIE]
No way.
[gasps]
Are you seriously
drawing right now?
Yeah.
[LYDE] A moment like this...
I can't let myself forget.
[RITCHIE sighs]
Freezin' my bollocks off!
Keep slackin' off like that and
the boss is gonna yell at you.
[LYDE]
Yeah, like I don't know.
Huh? Were you just sitting here
daydreaming about that one time?
[LYDE]
Yep.
Man, you're ten years older,
but somehow you still haven't
gotten over that whole thing.
Right, and you still
haven't gotten laid.
Screw you, mate.
[RITCHIE]
Boss!
What the hell'd
you do this time?
Did you think I wouldn't notice
you stealing out
of the register?
Cram it, old man!
Hey! That's enough!
This town's full of
vermin like you,
and any one of 'em
could do your crap job.
So you can either give back
what you took, right now.
Or you can get outta my shop.
Your call, kid!
I'm keepin' the cash,
and my job!
Great, way to confess.
[MALCOLM]
You filthy little urchin!
[NIR] So this seems like an
important conversation, but...
If you think it's
gonna take a while,
could you fix this for me first?
[RITCHIE]
Oh, wow, sick!
I haven't seen
a vintage amp in ages!
[MALCOLM gasps]
Oh, Lyde, it seems you're up!
See to our client.
[NIR] Is this place
as sketchy as it seems?
Oh yeah, and then some.
Lyde may have sticky fingers,
but he's also got smart hands.
He's been a genius
at fixin' up gadgets
ever since we were little.
And you wouldn't guess it,
but he draws good as well.
Really. You two known
each other for a while?
[RITCHIE] Yup. Thick as thieves
since the age o' five.
[LYDE]
What're you jawin' about?
Whoa! Done already?
Just had to fix the
power supply connections
and replace the bits
that'd fallen off.
It's in way better shape now.
You're all set, but don't
take my word for it.
Hold down the fort,
would ya, Ritchie?
Right.
[NIR] Sorry. Where are
we going, again?
[LYDE chuckles] You'll find
out once we're there.
[LOUDSPEAKER VOICE 7A] This is
the Londinium Patrol Squad.
This zone has been
designated as the theater
of implementation for
Operation Godfather.
[NIR]
This is crazy responsive! Wow.
[LYDE]
How is it?
It's better than perfect,
for real!
I can't remember the last time
it moved this well!
Great!
[NIR] Hey, you should
see for yourself.
Wait. I should?
Yeah! You're the one
who fixed it for me.
It's only fair that
you get to ride it.
[LYDE] Nobody's ever said
anything like that to me before.
Sorry about the tight fit.
It's not really made
to be a two‐seater.
[LYDE screams]
[NIR]
So? How's it feel?
[LYDE]
It feels awesome!
[PATROL SQUAD EQ 7A]
You are encroaching on
restricted airspace.
Turn back immediately.
[LYDE]
Oh come on!
[PATROL SQUAD EQ 7A]
This is your last warning.
Turn back now.
[NIR sighs]
Crap. That's kind of a buzzkill.
Screw these jackboots.
Hold on, is that
who I think it is?
Look there. Isn't that Ritchie?
[LYDE]
Oh, you ass.
What happened to
watching the shop?
[NIR]
Where is he going?
What's he gonna do?
[LYDE]
It's a ritual of his.
Professing his love.
Whoa! Dang.
Not too bad for a quick sketch.
[gasps]
Whoopsie. Almost missed
the punchline.
Nice. Let's head back.
Uh‐‐ Yeah. 'Kay.
[LYDE] I think maybe
he enjoys the rejection.
He gets shot down over and over.
But he keeps going back.
Welp, he's gonna need
a shoulder to cry on.
[LYDE] Ritchie! Bloody hell.
What happened to your face?
You piece of shit!
Am I paying you to abandon
my shop and go bugger around?
We weren't screwing
around, you wanker!
[RITCHIE]
Nice. Way to confess, again.
[LYDE] I finished fixing
that customer's amp.
We had to test it to make sure
I didn't break the thing!
[MALCOLM]
I don't wanna hear it!
And you still made time for
more of your worthless doodles.
Fancy yourself an artist, boy?
Give that back!
You think your crappy
little scribbles
are gonna help you
get outta this town?
Hah! Like hell.
You'll be back next week, and
the week after, till you die!
[MALCOLM gasps]
Waving something precious
around like a piece of trash.
Aren't you supposed
to be the adult?
[MALCOLM]
What? Beg your pardon?
[NIR]
Here. Take it!
[RITCHIE, LYDE]
Big Bro!
Huh?
[LYDE, RITCHIE]
Cheers!
Oh man that's nice.
That's the best laugh
I've had in ages!
The look on that
old geezer's face
when you threw that
wad of bills at him!
[LYDE, RITCHIE laughing]
[RITCHIE]
Why you look so glum, Big Bro?
You oughta be
laughing right now.
That did feel pretty good
in the moment,
but I'm a little worried
where this all ends up.
Nah, I don't think there's
anything to worry about.
Me neither, it's fine.
If that asshole likes
scrabbling on the floor
for change, good for him.
Right, Big Bro?
[sighs] You guys,
I'm not your big bro.
Can I get a better
nickname, please?
Like, for starters, I'm
obviously the youngest one here.
[RITCHIE] You're not wrong,
but I don't think
you ever gave us
your real name, did ya?
Huh.
Time for a proper introduction.
My name is Lyde.
This joker is Ritchie.
Pleasure.
Good to meet ya. I'm Nir.
So tell us, Nir, what brings
you here to Londinium?
There's nothing in particular.
I caused a lot of trouble
back where I came from.
I couldn't stay there
so I ended up here.
Whoa, you dodgin' the heat?
Come on, we want the details.
No you don't.
It's not interesting.
C'mon, mate,
stop spoiling the mood.
Hey, you should let us
put you up for the night!
There's something I want
you to take a look at.
[door opens]
[VIVIENNE]
Lyde, you lout!
That's the first
thing you say...
[LYDE sighs]
Nag, nag, nag.
Long time, madam.
Hello, miss.
[VIVIENNE] Did you all
have something to eat
before you came?
Because I've got a bit of
soup left if you want it.
[LYDE]
Yeah, we know, thanks!
Who is she?
[LYDE]
Oh, she's our mom.
Like, not our actual one,
but y'know.
[NIR gasps]
[RITCHIE] Our real families all
got snuffed out a long time ago,
back when the Earless
blitzed Londinium.
Right. Sorry to bring it up.
And Vivienne was
the kindly old bat
who gave us both
a place to stay!
[LYDE RITCHIE]
One, two!
Is that one of those
things we saw earlier?
Yeah, the same Equipment
the Londinium Patrol Squad uses.
Those wankers abandoned it
for scrap, and then we found it!
Decent stroke of luck,
right Big Bro?
[LYDE]
And now.... we've got a pilot.
Uh, wait, me?
[LYDE]
First things first.
We gotta get that
guy fully fixed up.
So then, whaddya think
of my special soup?
Man. It's good stuff!
Even the food I'd get in Chelsea
doesn't compare to this!
Oh, my. Flattery will get you
everywhere, Ritchie dear!
Right, then.
Time to turn in for the night.
Do remember to clean up.
So bland.
You guzzled it
like you'd die without it.
So? I genuinely
enjoy this stuff.
Never mind the bad soup.
Back to the subject
of that Equipment.
It's not far from being ready,
but even once it's fixed,
neither of us is a Player,
so it's not like we
could do anything with it.
Please, help us! We can't
pilot it, but you can!
And plus, you need somewhere
to stay in town, right?
I know it ain't
the nicest place,
but still, it's something!
You guys. Are you sure
it's okay if I stay?
What are you saying, Big Bro?
Of course we are. Right?
Obviously!
Thank you both.
That settles it then.
Hell yeah!
[LYDE, RITCHIE laughing]
Be honest.
Do you think we'll be able to
make the Equipment work?
Yeah. I know it.
'Cause you two have conviction.
Keep going. You got it?
That's what I think.
[NIR] Well, Echo.
It looks like I might have
gotten myself into
kind of a weird situation.
Oh? I'm sorry,
did I wake you?
You're fine.
[VIVIENNE] How dare that boy
leave such a sweet child
to sleep out here on the couch!
I'll be having a strong word
or three with him later.
Um, where are Lyde and Ritchie?
Balcony. Seems they wanted
to get an early start.
They must have a lot
of rummaging to do.
[LYDE]
Finally woke up, did ya?
[RITCHIE]
Hey! Good day to you, Big Bro!
Hey, so, what with us
gettin' fired and all that,
we're left with plenty of time
to get this thing
up and running.
Yeah. That's right.
We work for us now!
Here's to our newfound freedom.
[LYDE, RITCHIE]
Oi!
[NIR]
It's snowing.
[RITCHIE] My heart's kinda
beating out of my chest.
So how's it look?
Think it'll run?
[NIR sighs]
That's hard to say.
We'll only really know
once we try it.
Step back, guys. Safety first.
‐‐[RITCHIE] Whoa!
‐‐[LYDE] It's moving!
What's going on?
[LYDE]
You okay?
Yeah. I'm all right.
It's just...
Tell me something.
If you can get
this thing to work,
what are you gonna do with it?
[gasps] I guess...
[LYDE] I wanna shove it
down their throats.
Those housebroken
dogs in the tower
in the heart of Londinium.
Blind fascists tryin'a
waste our lives
for their "important" cause.
I'm gonna make
those bastards see.
I'm gonna show 'em
that anger can be power!
[VIVIENNE]
Hey there, youngsters.
Pick up the cake, would you?
It's hardly a proper
Christmas without it.
A Christmas cake?
I'm an anarchist
and an antichrist.
Who cares about some
stranger's birthday?
Yes, ever the freethinker.
Right, then.
[NIR]
I'll go get it.
Really?
I just happen to have
a bit of time to kill.
[NIR] I have no idea
what I'm even doing here.
How am I supposed to know
what a boy would want
for a Christmas present?
Hi there. Doing a bit of
Christmas shopping, eh?
No. I mean, I...
Right. One small thing, dear.
That machine, it belongs
to you, correct?
The Council Unit will surely
raise a stink if they
catch wind of it.
Best hide it in the
back alley next time.
Thank you for the tip, sir.
[NIR]
That coulda been bad.
I would have come on foot,
but I was in a hurry.
Okay, so, what's the
fastest way to
that cake shop
she told me about?
[NIR]
What's this?
[LOUDSPEAKER VOICE 7A]
Earless have been spotted
approaching Londinium.
All residents are
asked to remain calm
and take refuge...
On Christmas? Are you serious?
What's going on there?
I see a flashing light!
Where's that?
There, up on the tower!
[gasps]
[LOUDSPEAKER VOICE 7A] Repeat.
Seek shelter immediately.
The decision has been made to
implement Operation Godfather.
In order to draw the Earless
Queen to this location,
the scrapping of the West End
district will now commence.
[NIR]
Scrapping?
[LOUDSPEAKER VOICE 7A]
Repeat. In accordance with
Operation Godfather,
the scrapping of the West End
district will now commence.
This is insane!
Are they really
destroying their own city?
[crying]
Blind fascists tryin'a
waste our lives
for their "important" cause.
Please, guys. Hang on!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it all!
What are those pigs
shooting at us for?
What the hell is
going on in this town?
[RITCHIE] Shouldn't they
be trying to kill
that bloody giant Earless?
I know it. 'Cause you
two have conviction.
Keep going. You got it?
That's what I think.
I'm doin' it.
Wait, doin' what?
All those cockroaches
infesting the tower.
Those damn filthy earless.
And this whole heap of
shit they've dumped on us.
I'm gonna rip it up.
I'm gonna burn it down!
You grew a jack?
I'll show you, you damn swine!
Is that a Player's plug?
[LYDE]
I'm here and I'm alive!
[RITCHIE]
Oh, shit! Oh, holy shit, mate!
My heart is pounding.
This is nuts!
[NIR] Go faster, you friggin'
pile of scrap! Huh?
Lyde?!
[RITCHIE]
Hell yeah!
[NIR] Lyde! Ritchie!
How are you piloting that?
Oh, hey! What's up?
Check it out!
Somehow, this jack suddenly
sprouted on my back!
See? Turns out you were right.
It's all gonna work out,
'cause of my conviction!
[gasps]
[EARLESS roar]
[NIR]
What is that thing?
All right. We'll catch
you up ahead, Big Bro!
See you in a bit!
Morons! You can't do this!
Hey, Lyde, you having
any second thoughts?
Yeah, a few. And you?
[RITCHIE]
Definitely.
[LYDE]
I've wanted this for so long.
To do what he did.
The guy who saved us that day.
And in my head I realized
it was madness.
But I could never
let go of the dream.
[RITCHIE]
Then let's do it.
We'll show those bastards
we're not garbage,
and they can't throw us out!
That's right!
[RITCHIE, LYDE yell]
[LYDE]
If you wanna win the battle,
you gotta take out
the enemy leader!
[RITCHIE]
Go!
[LYDE]
We're still alive and breathing,
and we're gonna prove it to 'em!
[LYDE, RITCHIE]
God.
Save.
The Queen!
[NIR]
Lyde!
Did we just beat the boss?
No way.
Is that...?
[LYDE gasps]
No way!
The test is going well.
Everything is falling
within our parameters.
No problems to report.
[gasps]
[NIR]
How could you do this?
I don't understand!
How did you even get here? Mu!
[NIR] Ever since,
I've been thinking.
Everything's my fault.
If I hadn't encouraged them,
those two wouldn't
have been able to
take out the Equipment
into battle that day.
I didn't want you to
die for our country.
You were worth more.
I would have been happy just to
see my boys come home again.
[VIVIENNE] I'd hand you both
a bowl of hot soup,
and you'd eat it all and
tell me how delicious it was.
[NIR] I've been thinking,
that you two would have
been better off
if we'd never met.
[NIR] Mu, there's no way
I can forgive you
for what you did to them.
[NIR]
And Echo.
How could this happen?
Where are you?
[JIMI] The watchtower
gives a clear view of
the peasants' rowdy
banquet down below.
The children twirl and dance to
the beat of sha‐la‐la‐la‐lee.
And at last the boy
learns that in the end,
you can't always
get what you want.
Snow comes down heavy
on the holy day.
The curtain rises on the stage
and you make your way
over the rainbow.
As the words escape your lips.
"Who am I?"
"Real Me." The Player's
world is about to change.